README.md, before:

# Abccorp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.5.

This trivial application uses a web component which is generated using litelement. The repository of the same project is as follows, https://github.com/deepakjha14/HCLCaseStudyWebComponent. Web component is included in the app using the manual transfer of webcomponent build package. It is not done using the npm. This application also uses the Redux for state management.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running the app

Use the command `npm run run:prod` which will build the app and prepare the build folder which will inturn used in the deployment. This app has a depedency on the http-server that is used to serve the app.

For non prod app you can just run the `ng serve` and that should run the app for you locally at 4200 port.

## Running unit tests

In this example I have not covered the unit testing due to the shortage of time.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

pdf updated with read me file

README.md, after:

# Abccorp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.5.

This trivial application uses a web component which is generated using litelement. The repository of the same project is as follows, https://github.com/deepakjha14/HCLCaseStudyWebComponent. Web component is included in the app using the manual transfer of webcomponent build package. It is not done using the npm. This application also uses the Redux for state management.

Please open and read the .pdf file provided in this assignment as `ABC Portfolio solution.pdf` which talks about very high level solution of the assignment.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running the app

Use the command `npm run run:prod` which will build the app and prepare the build folder which will inturn used in the deployment. This app has a depedency on the http-server that is used to serve the app.

For non prod app you can just run the `ng serve` and that should run the app for you locally at 4200 port.

## Running unit tests

In this example I have not covered the unit testing due to the shortage of time.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
